C:\Project\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.exe
C:\Project\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.deps.json
C:\Project\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Project\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Project\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.dll
C:\Project\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.pdb
C:\Project\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Project\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Project\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Project\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Project\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.dll
C:\Project\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.pdb
C:\Project\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.exe
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.deps.json
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.dll
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.pdb
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.dll
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.pdb
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.exe
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.deps.json
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.dll
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.pdb
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.dll
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.pdb
c:\Project\csharp\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Projects\csharp\server\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.exe
C:\Projects\csharp\server\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.deps.json
C:\Projects\csharp\server\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Projects\csharp\server\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Projects\csharp\server\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.dll
C:\Projects\csharp\server\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.pdb
C:\Projects\csharp\server\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projects\csharp\server\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Projects\csharp\server\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Projects\csharp\server\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Projects\csharp\server\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.dll
C:\Projects\csharp\server\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.pdb
C:\Projects\csharp\server\ServerUnity\part 3\ClientTest\ClientTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\ClientTest.genruntimeconfig.cache
